>> Erik Reinert: The next thing we want
to do really quickly is we want to create
an entirely new environment.
Now, to save time, I'm not going to do it,
but it's just to save time.
However, I am going to show you really
quickly what it looks like when you do so
say you're at the point where you're like,
all right, I want Prod.
Sweet prod, awesome.
Let's do it.
So what we would do is
we would go to main.
We would just copy this and
we would just type in prod.
Or if you want production like it says,
and then production like this, whatever.
I like to call it prod,
just because it's a little bit shorter,
it makes the names shorter.
But whatever you decide to choose or
whatever you decide to use,
this is literally all you need to do
to create an entirely new environment.
That's it.
Once I save that file and
then I do a terraform in it,
we will now see all of the production
modules also get initialized.
Then if I do a terraform plan.
And again, the only reason why I'm not
doing it is because the distribution and
everything takes like 20 minutes,
so I don't wanna wait for that.
Look at that.
101 resources.
So that is what it looks like when you
have a completely automated environment
out of the box ready to go.
And so if you want to create a new
environment, that's all you need to do.
Just copy and paste it,
everything that we talked about up until
this point would be exactly the same.
So again, you would go to ECR for
your deployments.
Except for this would use the Prod image,
so it'd use prod.
If you wanted to look at your services,
you would go to the Prod cluster,
you'd click on the Prod service,
you would go and
update the prod environment or
the prod SSM variables.
It's exactly the same.
The experience is exactly the same.
If you wanna configure anything or
do anything like that, you easily can.
What we would do is we would just
add that, do a terraform apply,
which I can do in
the background if I want to.
I could do a terraform apply in
the background right now, and
it'll start creating that
prod environment for me.
There we go, off to the races.
While that's running, though, we want
to make sure that we can deploy to it.
We want to make sure that we actually
have the deployment parts that we were
talking about earlier.
So I've made it so terraform runs,
but I haven't yet.
Made it so that we're not deploying
on App Runner and Supabase anymore.
Now we want to be deploying to ECS and
RDS Database Container instance.
Now, what's kind of cool,
before when we ran migrations,
we needed a public endpoint, why?
Why did we need a public endpoint?
If I wanted to run migrations
from the GitHub runner,
I'd have to make sure the GitHub runner
can communicate with the database.
In this case, the database is
completely disconnected from the world.
The GitHub runner is not
running in our environment, so
how do we solve this problem?
Now, you might initially say, well,
put a runner in the environment.
And you can do that.
You totally can do that.
However, you might have noticed
that we added the Goose
database URL and
the Goose driver to the container.
So it's kind of neat about ECS is not
only can you run services with ECS,
but you can run ad-hoc tasks with ECS.
So I can take the exact same task
definition with all the configuration and
then I can tell it, hey, change
the command you run in that container.
That's exactly why we put Goose inside
of the main and the migrations inside of
the main deployed image is because not
only does the image run the service, but
it also runs the migrations.
What's cool about this is
this is a CLI API call.
So all we have to do is make
a CLI API call to Amazon and say,
hey, run me a container on
ECS with this command, Goose,
db migrate, blah blah, or
up, and then just exit.
You don't have to stay there.
Then that's exactly what it does.
It goes out, runs the migration
inside of the entire environment.
You got networking there,
you got the literal entire container
of the service itself, right?
And then it just runs that
command inside of it,
which means that it runs our migrations
inside of that environment and
then we're off to the races and we don't
need to connect our CI at all to it.
And so
that's the approach we're gonna take.